Add container to UDT connections support related updates (#1479)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/tutorials/create-resource-type/index.md

    + }
    ```

> 2. Connect the `demo` container to PostgreSQL. Connections from a container to a resource of custom resource type result in environment variables for each of the custom resource property automatically being set on the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Connect the `demo` container to the PostgreSQL database. When a connection is added between a container and another resource, the properties of the connected resource are created as environment variables in the container. If you prefer to not have environment variables created automatically, set the `disableDefaultEnvVars` property to `true` on the container resource.
```

              containerPort: 3000
            }
          }
        }
        connections: {
    -      mongodb: {
    -        source: mongodb.id
    -      }

>     +      postgres: {

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this remain postgresql ? I saw the sample being updated to use "CONNECTION_POSTGRESQL_HOST" https://github.com/radius-project/samples/pull/2332/files ?

Author: Yes Reshma. I retained it because we would have to merge the samples PR, push to ghcr and update to postgresql here simultaneously. We could do that if you could help me merge the other PR too.

Reviewer 2: I just approved the samples PR. Can fix DCO?. I can merge it then
